{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Arcs
\b0 \
Man getting hit by football\
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=njPhaLc8UPE\
\

\b Solid Drawing\

\b0 Homer in 3 dimensions\
http://www.hulu.com/watch/19896\
\

\b Exagerration\

\b0 Of course there is a lot of exaggeration going on here. The Simpsons are yellow and have 4 fingers. It\'92s highly exaggerated that the pig would maintain momentum for such a long time, and be launched out of the water thing that way. Also, the 
\b arc
\b0  is expressed here as well when the pig is flying. There is also 
\b secondary action
\b0  when homers hat flies off. The way the pigs ears and tail move when it\'92s in motion is also 
\b secondary action
\b0 . \
http://www.hulu.com/watch/19878
\b \
\
Squash and Stretch \

\b0 It\'92s subtle, but homer\'92s muscles squash and stretch as he is lifting weights
\b \

\b0 http://www.hulu.com/watch/18024\
\

\b Appeal\

\b0 All of the characters have facial expressions that are very easy to read. Sometimes they are very subtle in a brilliant way. It\'92s one of my favorite things about the show. This clip doesn\'92t have that subtly I\'92m talking about though. 
\b \

\b0 http://www.hulu.com/watch/25689\
\

\b Anticipation\

\b0 this is an example of NOT using anticipation. The characters move without any anticipation and it feels very stiff. Well, at 2:40 the creeper has some anticipation for its explosion!\
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cTR0X1jGpjI\
\

\b Staging\

\b0 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OX3c10keGWI\
There\'92s lots of staging here to show you what to look at. Important sequences happen with less important things around it, and in order to tell the viewer what to look at, the important things happen in the front and with more light and focus. There is also a lot of squash and stretch going on here but I don\'92t think that counts for number 1 since it isn\'92t in relation to motion. \
}